# Business Process Simulation Working Group (BPSWG) Intellectual Property (IP) Policy #

## General Policy ##
In all matters of intellectual property rights and procedures, the intention is to benefit the public at large, while respecting the legitimate rights of others.

## Confidentiality Obligations ##
No contribution that is subject to any requirement of confidentiality or any restriction on its dissemination may be considered in any part of the BPSWG Standards Process, and there must be no assumption of any confidentiality obligation with respect to any such contribution. No submission should be made on the basis of an assumed confidentiality obligation or restriction on dissolution.

## Rights and Permissions ##
In the course of standards work, BPSWG receives contributions in various forms and from many persons. To best facilitate the dissemination of these contributions, it is necessary to understand any intellectual property rights (IPR) relating to the contributions.

## All Contributions ##
By submission of a contribution, each person actually submitting the contribution is deemed to agree to the following terms and conditions on his own behalf, on behalf of the organization (if any) he represents and on behalf of the owners of any proprietary rights in the contribution. Where a submission identifies contributors in addition to the contributor(s) who provide the actual submission, the actual submitter(s) represent that each other named contributor was made aware of and agreed to accept the same terms and conditions on his own behalf, on behalf of any organization he may represent and any known owner of any proprietary rights in the contribution.
  1. Some works (e.g. works of the U.S. Government) are not subject to copyright. However, to the extent that the submission is or may be subject to copyright, the contributor, the organization he represents (if any) and the owners of any proprietary rights in the contribution, grant an unlimited perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free, world-wide right and license to BPSWG under any copyrights in the contribution. This license includes the right to copy, publish and distribute the contribution in any way, and to prepare derivative works that are based on or incorporate all or part of the contribution, the license to such derivative works to be of the same scope as the license of the original contribution.
  1. The contributor acknowledges that BPSWG has no duty to publish or otherwise use or disseminate any contribution.
  1. The contributor grants permission to reference the name(s) and address(es) of the contributor(s) and of the organization(s) he represents (if any).
  1. The contributor represents that contributions properly acknowledge major contributors.
  1. The contributor, the organization (if any) he represents and the owners of any proprietary rights in the contribution, agree that no information in the contribution is confidential and that BPSWG and its affiliated organizations may freely disclose any information in the contribution.
  1. The contributor represents that he has disclosed the existence of any proprietary or intellectual property rights in the contribution that are reasonably and personally known to the contributor. The contributor does not represent that he personally knows of all potentially pertinent proprietary and intellectual property rights owned or claimed by the organization he represents (if any) or third parties.
  1. The contributor represents that there are no limits to the contributor's ability to make the grants, acknowledgments and agreements above that are reasonably and personally known to the contributor.
  1. By ratifying this document, BPSWG warrants that it will not inhibit the traditional open and free access to BPSWG documents for which license and right have been assigned according to the procedures set forth in this section. This warrant is perpetual and will not be revoked by BPSWG or its successors or assigns.
## BPSWG Specifications ##
  1. Where any patents, patent applications, or other proprietary rights are known, or claimed, with respect to any specification developed within the BPSWG process, and are formally brought to the attention of the BPSWG, the BPSWG shall not advance the specification without including in the document a note indicating the existence of such rights, or claimed rights. Where implementations are required before advancement of a specification, only implementations that have, by statement of the implementors, taken adequate steps to comply with any such rights, or claimed rights, shall be considered for the purpose of showing the adequacy of the specification.
  1. The BPSWG disclaims any responsibility for identifying the existence of or for evaluating the applicability of any claimed copyrights, patents, patent applications, or other rights, and will take no position on the validity or scope of any such rights.
  1. Where the BPSWG is formally notified of rights, or claimed rights, the BPSWG shall attempt to obtain from the claimant of such rights a written assurance that upon approval by the BPSWG of the relevant BPSWG specification(s), any party will be able to obtain the right to implement, use and distribute the technology or works when implementing, using or distributing technology based upon the specific specification(s) under openly specified, reasonable, non-discriminatory terms.  The results of this procedure shall not affect advancement of a specification through the BPSWG process, except that the BPSWG may defer approval where a delay may facilitate the obtaining of such assurances. The results will, however, be recorded by the BPSWG, and made available. The BPSWG may also direct that a summary of the results be included in any BPSWG document published containing the specification.
## Determination of Reasonable and Non-discriminatory Terms ##
The BPSWG will not make any explicit determination that the assurance of reasonable and non-discriminatory terms for the use of a technology has been fulfilled in practice. It will instead use the normal requirements for the advancement of BPSWG specifications to verify that the terms for use are reasonable.